1.

The glow was strong and comforting. Its' shine was familiar and soothing in my dark house, a house from which I never left. 
Yet, I found myself watching intently to that gentle pulse of pale blue light as it moved away from me toward the dark path. Worried for the glow, I followed.

2. 

As I continued to follow the glow, its' movements smooth yet choppy, I found myself unfamiliar with my surroundings. I could not however, stop myself from my goal.
 Watching over the glow had become my main objective that I no longer cared how far I went.

3.

The glow leads me down darker and harder paths, the twists harder to navigate and even harder to make sense of. I struggle. The glow does not. 
I worry for its' future, ubt not so much my own.

4. 

As I think about going back, suddenly, the guiding and calming blue disappears. My surroundings crash down around me and make me join them.
 They are cold and harsh, very much opposite of the blue glow. I begin to feel fear. There is no way I can go the way I came, I can't see, but I try anyways. 

5.

I am afraid that I cannot find my home, the place where I began my journey. I am lost. Every house I find in the dark refuses me shelter. 
Every face is filled with ill-disgusied disgust. I don't understand. The glow seemed to like me. It did not shrink back.

6. 

As the darkness grows thicker and thicker, I sense the glow won't come back. Perhaps it didn't like me. Maybe it was running from me.
 I cannot fathom why. I do not know how long this phase of darkness will last, but I fear for the glow, even now. The shadows grow thicker and thicker, 
but I hope the glow is safe.


...

The man continued to wander. It was to dark to see anything, but he pushed on. As he tried to make his way back, the sky suddenly grew brighter and brighter. 
Was it the glow? But as the brightness rose, he was bathed in yellow rays. No, this was not his glow, but this was a friend! Smiling, he followed the yellow rays, 
until his house was in sight. The yellow rays were helping him. Maybe it had to hide, allow the yellow rays to watch over it. Nodding his thanks to the rays, 
and offering a smile to the brightening sky, the man entered his house and waited. He was sure the glow would return later, for once again, he would walk under its guidance.


Title:

The Man Who Traveled With The Moon.